+---------------------+
| APPLE-1 RISER BOARD |
+---------------------+

Apple-1 Riser Board allows you to place the expansion board 
horizontally so it does not interfere with your case.

It is designed not to exceed the height footprint of the ACI, 
while still maintaining enough room for thicker cards, such 
as microSD Storage and Wi-Fi Modem.

The components underneath the expansion boards (the on-board 
RAM) have negligible thermal dissipation, so no overheating 
problems will arise.

The PCB also includes some of the "reliability modifications" 
suggested by UncleBernie, such as the addition of 6 x 390 Ohm
1/8W Resistors to terminate RAM's Address Lines.

These modifications are optional: put them in place only if 
you notice RAM malfunctions or errors.
Due to the design of the computer itself, despite the 
optional reliability mods, inconveniences might still occur.

Your Apple computer and its peripherals are sensitive to static
electricity and may be damaged by it.
Before any operation on your devices, you must discharge the 
static electricity accumulated by your body and prevent it from 
building up again.
We do not accept any responsibility for damage, even serious 
or fatal, caused to people / things / intellectual property 
during the installation or use of this device.

Solder the components on the Solder Side indicated and clean 
the PCB of any residue. Then insert your expansion board into 
the Riser verifying its orientation by the guide numbers and 
letters (A-Z-1-22).
Now insert the Riser into the Apple-1's Expansion connector 
again observing the guide numbers and letters (A-Z-1-22).

Depending on the connectors used, the horizontal board may 
remain slightly tilted. In this case it is recommended to 
support it with pieces of insulating material about 30-31mm high.

BILL OF MATERIALS:
1x PCB as per the attached Gerber file
1x connector 2x22pin -3.96mm contact spacing- like EDAC 305-044-520-202
6x 390 Ohm 1/8W resistors [optional]
1x 100 nF capacitor [optional]

*This project is submitted as-is and not guaranteed*


